procedures: more options for minikube (#2508)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-minikube.adoc

.Procedure

> . Start Minikube with required addons and sufficient resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start Minikube with required add-ons and sufficient resources:
```

> . Start Minikube. Allocate at least 10GB of RAM and 4 CPU cores:

Author: ```suggestion
. Start Minikube with required addons and sufficient resources:
```
